clarify task description (#1276)
mate-academy/py-delivery-drone: checklist.md

# Check Your Code Against the Following Points

1. If the function definition line is too long, place each parameter on a new line.

> ```
> def long_function_name(
>         var_one,
>         var_two,
>         var_three,
>         var_four
> ) -> None:
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion

**Good example:**

```python
def long_function_name(
        var_one,
        var_two,
        var_three,
        var_four
) -> None:
```
```

> 2. If a variable can be `None`, you need to specify it in the annotation.
> 3. Make sure you're not repeating yourself. If something can be done in the parent class, delegate it there.
> 4. Remember, if you want to check if a variable is set to `None` and assign a default value to it,
> you can use the ternary operator: `variable = other if other else 0`.
> Or even simpler: `variable = other or 0`. Simple is better than complex.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

2. If a variable can be `None`, specify it in the annotation.

3. Make sure you're not repeating yourself. If something can be done in the parent class, delegate it there.

4. To check if a variable is set to `None` and assign a default value, use the ternary operator: `variable = other if other else 0`. Or even simpler: `variable = other or 0`.
Remember, a simple way is better than a complex one.
```
